hi people we all know that laptops
tend to overheat here
when you put the laptop on your feet 9
this on the subway at the stop at the airport is not
it is important on some kind of a shop that you
feel the laptop warm up
how to deal with it actually is
very simple way there is such
program it is called you now
will show
briefing mean with m with funk control with
english m s russian m m fan
control means a very handy thing on
in fact here you can set
Fahrenheit in Celsius
then the tray shows us the temperature
in Celsius today and quantity
your fan speed is easier
let's say in 35 years
change the fan is probably cheaper
rotate the processor or output board
both which will have failed in
laptop for this, we opened the preference
increase the speed to that temperature
which you like for example you saw
on radio watched a clip there in u-tube like
on the laptop on the back side put
there is some kind of foil or film and fries
scrambled eggs actually heat up
laptops sometimes up to 90 degrees there
Well, we can assume that very quickly
may go out there for a few years
and build some detail to happen
some kind of unsoldering stretching of some kind
things or squeezing i mean they can
just fail
bring out the laptop for this at the same time
it is desirable at the same time that
the team arrived almost identical
make safe
I hope you hear that there is a fan
earned a louder show again
preference
increase fan speed
save
heard yes that is the fan works
just more powerful
here today 38 degrees Celsius
shows the thermometer built in like
this program is very easy
the program is absolutely free does not require
no payment licenses
introducing purchase password keys and
Otherwise recommend with fan control decides
all problems eliminates heard yes
the fan started to work quieter when
magnification we had 36 degrees
Celsius now this assuming will be
area 45 it just rises
all the people while cooling laptops